AI fluency is not measured by prompt complexity, daily usage, or how quickly you accept an answer.
It is the quality of the decisions that connect your intent to a real outcome.
First, Delegation decides whether, where, and how AI should participate.
Second, Description makes the goal, context, constraints, and evidence explicit.
Third, Discernment tests the output, while Diligence controls and verifies its use.
For your next task, use the 4D card before execution.
Repair every zero, keep the acceptance test visible, and let evidence determine whether the AI receives more authority.
The models will change.
The need to choose the right work, describe it clearly, judge results, and own consequences will remain.
Those are the skills that make stronger AI genuinely useful.
Follow Tiny Agent.
Tiny Agent helps you get better at using AI.